Random seed: 817515924020230381
---------------- Starting Your Algo --------------------
Turn 0
Turn 1
Opponent breached at (25, 11) on turn 1
Opponent breached at (25, 11) on turn 1
Turn 2
Turn 3
Enemy defense weighted L=21.0, R=26.0
Resort side: l
Turn 4
Turn 5
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 6
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 7
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 8
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 9
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 10
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to do priority upgrades
Turn 11
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to do priority upgrades
Turn 12
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Turn 13
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
about to upgrade walls
about to add vertical walls
about to do initial line
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/home/ron0/development/python/run_time_terror_C1Terminal/definitive@8/algo_strategy.py", line 859, in <module>
    AlgoStrategy().start()
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^
  File "/home/ron0/development/python/run_time_terror_C1Terminal/definitive@8/gamelib/algocore.py", line 74, in start
    self.on_turn(game_state_string)
    ~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/home/ron0/development/python/run_time_terror_C1Terminal/definitive@8/algo_strategy.py", line 187, in on_turn
    attack, loc, num = self.should_attack(state)
                       ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^
  File "/home/ron0/development/python/run_time_terror_C1Terminal/definitive@8/algo_strategy.py", line 586, in should_attack
    loc, survived = self.full_sim(state, scouts)
                    ~~~~~~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/home/ron0/development/python/run_time_terror_C1Terminal/definitive@8/algo_strategy.py", line 612, in full_sim
    state = copy.deepcopy(orig_state)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 163, in deepcopy
    y = _reconstruct(x, memo, *rv)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 260, in _reconstruct
    state = deepcopy(state, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 222, in _deepcopy_dict
    y[deepcopy(key, memo)] = deepcopy(value, memo)
                             ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 163, in deepcopy
    y = _reconstruct(x, memo, *rv)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 260, in _reconstruct
    state = deepcopy(state, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 222, in _deepcopy_dict
    y[deepcopy(key, memo)] = deepcopy(value, memo)
                             ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 197, in _deepcopy_list
    append(deepcopy(a, memo))
           ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 197, in _deepcopy_list
    append(deepcopy(a, memo))
           ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 197, in _deepcopy_list
    append(deepcopy(a, memo))
           ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 163, in deepcopy
    y = _reconstruct(x, memo, *rv)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 260, in _reconstruct
    state = deepcopy(state, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 222, in _deepcopy_dict
    y[deepcopy(key, memo)] = deepcopy(value, memo)
                             ~~~~~~~~^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 137, in deepcopy
    y = copier(x, memo)
  File "/usr/lib/python3.13/copy.py", line 173, in _deepcopy_atomic
    def _deepcopy_atomic(x, memo):
    
KeyboardInterrupt
